Databases: Databases - amend additional resources (#31063)
TheOdinProject/curriculum: databases/databases/databases.md

  1. Watch this [short video introduction to relational databases](http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=z2kbsG8zsLM) to get a feel for why this stuff is useful and some more exposure to the terminology we'll use.
  1. Go through this [Khan Academy SQL tutorial](https://www.khanacademy.org/computing/hour-of-code/hour-of-sql/v/welcome-to-sql) to get a feel for actually creating and manipulating databases.

>   1. Relational databases aren't the only way to store data. Non-relational (aka NoSQL) databases have emerged over the last couple decades. Check out this article to learn the [difference between SQL and NoSQL](https://circleci.com/blog/SQL-vs-NoSQL-databases/).

Reviewer: Nit while we're at it

```suggestion
  1. Relational databases aren't the only way to store data. Non-relational (a.k.a. NoSQL) databases have emerged over the last couple decades. While we'll be using SQL in this curriculum, check out this article to learn the [difference between SQL and NoSQL](https://circleci.com/blog/SQL-vs-NoSQL-databases/).
```
